HTTP integrity is multi-layered. (#17)
ioggstream/draft-polli-resource-digests-http: draft-polli-resource-digests-http.md

# Introduction

Integrity protection for HTTP content is multi layered and

> is usually achieved at transport level via TCP checksums and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is usually achieved at across the protocol stack:
```

> TLS records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TCP checksums and TLS record to name but some.
```

> The HTTP protocol does not provide a mean to protect the various

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTP protocol does not provide means to protect the various
```

> message parts. Besides, it might be desirable to add further guarantees

Reviewer: ```suggestion
message parts. Besides, it might be desirable to add additional guarantees
```

> to the ones provided by the transport layer (eg. HTTPS). This may be for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the ones provided by the transport layer (eg. HTTPS). This may be in order to:
```

- detect programming errors and corruption of stored data;

> - the need for the representation-data remain unmodified throughout multiple hops;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- address the need for the representation-data to remain unmodified throughout multiple hops;
```

- implement signature mechanisms that cover the desired parts of an HTTP exchange;

> - additional protection against failures or attack (see [SRI]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- provide additional protection against failures or attack (see [SRI]).
```
